
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Chapter 3161: Conclusive evidence
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

In fact, he didn't have any soft armor at all, just to avoid the suspicion of everyone around him, he made up at will, pretending that he was wearing a self-defense soft armor, so that he could block Wu Ming's palm.

Sigh....

Hearing this, everyone present was secretly relieved.

I thought he was hiding deeply, and after doing it for a long time, he was wearing soft armor, it's no wonder that Wu Ming's palm just now was empty.

But knowing this, Xiao Rou's worship of Darryl did not diminish in the slightest. On the contrary, she admired even more in her heart. The pavilion master was so smart that she actually wore self-defense soft armor.

Defensive soft armor?

Among the audience, only Jiang Hongyu's frowning eyebrows frowned, isn't it right, it hasn't been long since Darryl came to Chunyang Palace, even if the master favored him, he hadn't heard of giving him any self-defense soft armor?

"what?"

Just when Jiang Hongyu was secretly wondering, Darryl suddenly discovered something, and pointed to a small leather bag on the ground beside Wu Ming: "What is this?"

I saw that the leather pouch was exquisite in workmanship, half the size of a palm, in the shape of a fishtail, and its mouth was tightly bound by silk threads.

Huh!

At this moment, Wu Ming was extremely angry, his face suddenly changed when he saw this small leather bag.

Yes, what's in this small bag is the World's Strange Poisonous Epilogue Sans.

Wow!

At the same time, the eyes of everyone around him also looked over.

"What's this?"

"I have never seen Elder Wu take it out before..."

Hearing everyone's doubts, Wu Ming didn't think much about it, so he picked up the leather pouch.

However, at this moment, Bang! Shiqi's face was solemn, his body flashed, and he rushed directly in front of Wu Ming, picked up the leather pouch, and opened it to see that there was a kind of green powder inside.

Bang! Shiqi did not hesitate, fell directly on the table, and said to Darryl, "Brother Darryl, what are these powders?" In his subconscious, Darryl knew medical skills, and he would definitely be able to see what was inside. Element.

It's just that he didn't know that although the herbs in the Nine Mainlands are the same as here, the names are different. Even if Darryl knew it, he couldn't explain it clearly.

Wow!

Without waiting for Darryl's response, several elders quickly gathered around, took a closer look, and suddenly exclaimed.

"The color is green...Could it be...this is the rumors of the strange poison?"

"It should be, I have heard people say that Epilepsy is green and powdery... as long as you inhale a little, you will lose your mind..."

"So...Elder Wu is the murderer?"

While talking, the eyes of everyone in the sleeping hall were focused on Wu Ming, and each of them was shocked and angry.

This man is really a beast in clothing.

"Wu Ming, it turned out to be you!"

Finally, the great elder was the first to help, pointing at Wu Ming and shouting: "You bastard, the lord treats you very well, you actually poisoned the lord's wife."

When he said this, the great elder trembled with anger.

As the great elder, it was really dereliction of duty that he hadn't noticed in the past three years. What is even more annoying is that Wu Ming was almost led by the nose just now, mistakenly thinking that Darryl was talking nonsense, and in the end he was the culprit.

For a while, the other elders were also filled with righteous indignation.

"Wu Ming, I didn't expect you to be polite, but you are a bastard in human skin."

"It's no wonder that you kept not letting your body search. It turned out that it was the wife of the Sect master who killed you."

"You kind of person, what qualifications do you have to be an elder, it's not a pity to die 10,000 times..."

When everyone scolded Wu Ming, they looked at Darryl's gaze, and they were also very unnatural. He had always felt that the Pill Pavilion Lord had no abilities before, but he did not expect that he had found the real murderer.

"Wu Ming!"

At this moment, Bang! Shiqi drew out his portable long sword, pointed at Wu Ming from a distance, and looked terrifying: "The evidence is conclusive, what else do you have to say?"

At this time, Bang! Shiqi was almost furious. He had always treated Wu Ming well, but he never expected that this bastard would harm his wife.

Wu Ming was sweating profusely, and he squatted and explained: "Sect Master, listen to me, I am not..."

laugh...

However, Bang! Shiqi was furious. Then Ken listened to his sophistry. At that time, there was no nonsense, and his body rushed directly, and the long sword in his hand uttered low noises, which directly pierced Wu Ming's heart.

The sword was swift and fierce, and the air was torn wherever it passed.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Chapter three hundred and sixty-two
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

That's it!

Seeing Bang! Shiqi's sword stabbing, Wu Ming was so scared that he hurriedly got up and dodged to the side.

Shit...

Although Wu Ming reacted quickly and avoided the critical point, the sword did not completely evade. He heard the sound of his clothes breaking, a big cut was cut out on his shoulder, and blood poured out all of a sudden.

For a while, Wu Ming's face was pale, and his heart was completely confused.

The matter has been revealed, what can we do!

Seeing that he still dared to hide, everyone around him scolded.

"You bastard, don't you want to die?"

"Dare to hide?"

"Sect Master, this kind of scum, kill him quickly."

The anger from the crowd kept coming, and Bang! Shiqi's eyes were extremely blood red. He and Zheng Wanwan were in love with each other. At this time, they learned that she was murdered like this by Wu Ming, and only felt angry.

"You almost killed Wanwan, if I don't take your life today, the world will not tolerate it!"

When the voice fell, Bang! Shiqi held the long sword tightly, exerted his internal strength, and rushed up again.

At this time, Bang! Shiqi was full of anger. He just wanted to shred the body of Wu Ming in front of him to take away the hatred.

Wow...

At the same time, several elders also drew out ice blades one after another and rushed towards Wu Ming.

Sigh!

Seeing Bang! Shiqi rushing again, Wu Ming only felt that his legs were weak, and he almost couldn't stand still. However, stimulated by the desire to survive, he didn't know where his strength was at the time, and his face became grim and shouted: " Okay, good, you guys are going to kill me, right..."

"I, Wu Ming, have been loyal to Beihai Xingsu over the years, and have made a lot of contributions. Now because of my fault, you are going to kill me?"

"Want to take my life? Also see if you have this ability."

After the last word fell, Wu Mingxie laughed, and quickly took out a small leather bag from his body. After unzipping it, he sprinkled it directly at the people of Bang! Shiqi. It was a bag of turquoise powder. After it was sprinkled, it was quickly in the air. A patch of green smoke is formed.

It is the epilepsy of the strange poison.

Wu Ming had more than one pack of Dianhunsan, and when he was in a critical situation, he decided to use Dianhunsan to save his life.

Wow!

Seeing that piece of green powder, whether it was Bang! Shiqi or the elders around him, his complexion changed, and he was extremely furious at the same time.

"Be careful, this is a madness."

"This bastard thing, I still have it on my body."

"Disperse quickly, don't breathe in your mouth and nose..."

Everyone was panicked and forced to retreat, but even so, they still inhaled some ecstasy.

Bang! Shiqi was frightened, but at this time he also kept a little calm, and shouted: "Inhale the seizures, quickly, sit on the ground cross-legged, and transport your internal strength to seal your Qihai acupoint."

As long as the Qihai acupoint is sealed, the poison of Dianhunsan will not spread to the meridians throughout the body.

Wow!

When the voice fell, everyone around hurriedly sat cross-legged. Bang! Shiqi was no exception. He sat cross-legged to seal the acupoints, but his eyes were still fixed on Wu Ming.

For a moment, in the entire bedroom, only Darryl was still standing there. He is the body of the Profound Saint, invaded by a hundred poisons, even if he inhaled the Epilepsy, there was nothing wrong with him.

Ha ha...

Seeing Bang! Shiqi and everyone sitting on the ground to seal the acupuncture point, Wu Ming laughed and rushed out of the bedroom directly at this opportunity.

Seeing this scene, Bang! Shiqi was very angry.

"Beihai Xingsu, all disciples follow the order... immediately punish Wu Ming, without error."

In the next second, a cold voice came from Bang! Shiqi's mouth.

"kill!"

Upon hearing the order, dozens of elite disciples who were guarding outside immediately let out a howl, drew their swords, and directly encircled Wu Ming.

Hum.

As the three elders, Wu Ming was powerful and naturally didn't pay attention to these elite disciples. He didn't hesitate at the time and directly exploded his internal strength.

Immediately afterwards, Wu Ming raised his hand with a wave, holding a black long knife tightly in his hand.

"Get away from me, who dare to stop me, who will die..." Wu Ming howled loudly, like a tiger descending from the mountain, and rushed directly into the crowd.

"what...."

For a while, Wu Ming entered the flock of sheep like a tiger, waving a long black knife in his hand, and the dozens of elite disciples who surrounded him were unable to stop them. They screamed and fell into a pool of blood one after another.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Chapter 3,163, Momentum
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Huh?, Wu Ming is a scum.

Seeing all the disciples falling to the ground, Bang! Shiqi and the other elders in the dormitory were very angry.

Ha ha....

Wu Ming had a sullen face and laughed: "From today, Wu Ming and Beihai Xingsu have nothing to do with each other. Everyone, we will have some time later."

When the voice fell, Wu Ming used his body skills to urge the speed to the extreme, rushing towards the distance, and disappeared into the sight of everyone in a blink of an eye.

"Don't run!"

"Stop... That's damned..."

Seeing Wu Ming running away, whether it was Bang! Shiqi or the other elders, they all yelled and wanted to get up and chase at the same time. However, they all had absorbed the Epilepsy and were expelled at this time, so they didn't dare to act rashly.

Jiang Hongyu and Xiaorou also sat in the doorway with Panxi, sealing their acupuncture points to prevent the poison of Dianhunsan from spreading.

In this case, everyone could only watch Wu Ming leave.

"I'll go after it."

However, at this moment, Darryl quickly walked out of the hall, and after speaking lightly, he chased in the direction where Wu Ming had fled.

This...

Seeing this situation, Bang! Shiqi and several elders all had complex expressions.

He has no strength at all, how can he catch up with Wu Ming?

Jiang Hongyu was even more anxious: "Pavilion Master, don't be impulsive..." That Wu Ming is despicable and cunning, with outstanding strength. Even if Darryl catches up, he can't beat Wu Ming. Maybe he will be attacked. Wu Ming's poisonous hand.

But in the middle of shouting, Darryl's figure had gone far away.

That's it!

Seeing this, Jiang Hongyu stomped his feet in anxious manner.

Xiao Rou was also worried.

......

On the other side, after Darryl left the Beihai Xingsu General Altar, seeing no one around him, he immediately exploded with divine power, urging his speed to the extreme.

Just now Bang! Shiqi was watched by so many people, it was inconvenient to reveal his strength, and now no one saw it, it didn't matter.

Whoosh!

After half an hour, Darryl tracked all the way through keen insight, and soon saw Wu Ming running away in front of him, and he suddenly smiled.

This Wu Ming thought that if he used Bang! Hun San to attack Bang! Shiqi and the others, he would be able to retreat in his entirety? It's so naive.

Ok?

At this moment, in the woods ahead, Wu Ming slowed down and prepared to take a rest. Yu Guang was stunned when he saw Darryl following up.

How did this kid catch up?

I am dissatisfied with my speed, how did he catch up to me?

Under doubt, Wu Ming turned around and stood still, and looked at Darryl coldly: "Good boy, you are here to die." As he said, he watched behind Darryl. Seeing that there were no other companions, he felt relieved. The tone and expression were extremely cold and arrogant.

In Wu Ming's mind, Darryl, as the Pill Pavilion Master of Pure Yang Palace, had a high status, but his cultivation strength was no different from ordinary people, and there was no threat at all.

At the same time, Wu Ming's eyes flashed with endless anger.

It's all this kid, and it's not him who solves the truth, and he won't be the target of the public, and is forced to escape from the North Sea Stars.

hehe!

Feeling Wu Ming's arrogance, Darryl smiled faintly: "Stop talking nonsense, and quickly hand over the antidote to the epilepsy, and then grab it with your hands, maybe you can survive."

Mad!

Hearing this, Wu Ming suddenly became angry, and was too lazy to talk nonsense at the time: "Good boy, you hurt me a lot, so you dare to speak wild words at this time? If you don't cut you off, I am not Wu Ming."

After the words fell, Wu Ming raised his hand and summoned the black long knife, and his whole body rose into the air!

Hum!

Suddenly, a powerful breath burst out from Wu Ming's body. With a long knife in his hand, he drew a burst of shock and struck it straight towards Darryl, and saw that wherever the figure passed, the piece of air was distorted. The momentum is amazing.

Seeing Wu Ming attacking, Darryl smiled faintly, and directly exploded his divine power.

Along with a strong breath surging, you can see Darryl's body, faintly glowing with golden light, like a god descending from the earth, which is awe-inspiring.

hiss...

what happened? How did this kid suddenly become so powerful?

Feeling the terrifying aura permeating Darryl's body, Wu Ming's heart trembled. He only felt his brain buzzing, and his heart was shocked. He didn't expect that Darryl, who seemed to have no threat just now, could be so powerful. fear.

"You're cruel to the Sect Master's wife, you are despicable and shameless, and you still don't realize it. It seems that there is nothing left to say." At this time, Darryl said coldly, and then slapped a palm.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Chapter three hundred and sixty four
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Hum!

With this palm, Darryl directly urged his divine power, and he saw a group of golden light flickering, and then formed a golden palm shadow, bursting toward Wu Ming.

Wu Ming didn't have time to think about it. He urged all his strength and put the black long knife horizontally in front of him in an attempt to block this palm.

Bang!

In the next second, the golden palm shadow slapped the black long knife fiercely, Wu Ming let out a scream, the whole person sprinkled a rain of blood in the air, and flew out all at once, flying a full 100 meters away. Finally, several big trees were broken, and they fell down like a puddle of mud.

By the time he landed, Wu Ming was already bloodless and dying of anger.

Although Wu Ming is powerful and powerful, he is only relative to the people in the world. Facing a strong person like Darryl, he is like a baby. Facing an adult, he is not at the same level.

After killing Wu Ming, Darryl didn't have the slightest mood swing on his face. He slowly walked over, found Dianhunsan and the antidote from Wu Ming, and prepared to return the same way.

Ok?

However, at this moment, Darryl heard the sound of fighting at the end of the woods. The voice was a bit far away, but Darryl was still the body of the Profound Saint, his perception was very keen, and he heard it all at once.

Are you fighting?

Muttering in his heart, Darryl walked over slowly, ready to take a look. Anyway, the antidote has been obtained, and Bang! Shiqi and the others are not deeply poisoned.

After passing through the woods soon, Darryl frowned.

I saw that there was a clearing in front of me. In the clearing, a slender figure was fighting fiercely with a few big men. A woman in her twenties, wearing a purple dress, was very sexy, but the whole body was filled with a cold breath.

Sigh...

Seeing this scene, Darryl couldn't help scratching his head. He didn't expect to run into another beauty after chasing Wu Ming, but this beauty seemed very hostile.

Darryl clearly saw that there was a vaguely red tattoo on the back of the beautiful woman's neck, giving people a different feeling. Not only that, this beauty is very strong, facing the siege of several people, with ease.

The people who fought fiercely with the purple-clothed beauties, dressed in uniform dark gray costumes, were obviously from a certain sect.

Chick chick...

At this moment, the beauty in purple clothes seemed to be a little impatient, and the long sword in her hand flicked, and a few clusters of sword flowers were shot out. The few big guys had not reacted yet, their throats were instantly cut off, and they fell to the ground one after another.

Seeing this scene, Darryl couldn't help narrowing his eyes slightly.

With one move, this woman was really ruthless.

"Say!"

Just as Darryl muttered secretly, the beauty in purple clothes looked at the last big man alive in front of her, her voice extremely cold: "Where is your branch office?"

The voice was crisp and cold, beyond doubt.

The big man was covered in cold sweat, but he was also stiff: "Don't want me to tell you, I won't say it." As he said, he rushed to the purple-clothed beauty with a fearless expression.

"court death!"

The purple-clothed beauty's eyes flashed with cold light, her red lips spit out two words coldly, she dodged to avoid, and at the same time the long sword in her hand pierced directly at the heart of the big man.

Fuck...

Seeing this situation, Darryl's heart moved, and he was ready to stop it. Speaking of it, he didn't know the beauty in purple clothes and these big guys, but seeing her so cruel and the big guy was about to die, he couldn't stand it anymore.

"stop!"

However, before Darryl showed up, he heard a burst of shouts. Then, he saw a dozen big men rushing quickly from a distance. Locking tightly on the beauty in purple clothes, she shouted: "Good, you demon, you killed so many brothers. If you don't break your body today, you will not be a human being."

"Brothers, let's go together!"

"kill!"

The last sentence fell, and the companions behind the flat-headed man made a burst of shouts and rushed towards the beauty in purple.

Demon girl?

Hearing this, Darryl frowned and looked at the beauty in purple. Could it be...what kind of evil organization is this woman?

"Being self-reliant!"

Looking at the people who rushed up, the beautiful face of the purple-clothed beauty showed a bit of disdain, her toes were a little on the ground, and her figure rose lightly, greeted him directly, and fought fiercely with the other party.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Chapter three hundred and sixty-five chapters what's going on
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

I have to say that the beauty of purple clothes is very strong, even in the face of the siege of the flat-headed men, there is no slight pressure at all.

Bang bang bang...

After a few rounds, half of the flat-headed fellow's companions were knocked to the ground, and each of them looked painful and lost their combat effectiveness.

Huh!

At this moment, the gaze of the beautiful lady in purple clothes locked tightly on the flat-headed man, and said coldly: "It's just a gang of mobs, dare to yell in front of me, die."

The voice fell, and the long sword in his hand pierced directly at the flat-headed man.

Feeling the fierceness of this sword, the flat-headed man did not dare to neglect, holding a big knife tightly, and using all the internal resistance to resist, but even so, he was beaten back in a row.

Sigh!

Seeing this scene, Darryl knew that it wouldn't work if he didn't make a move. This purple-clothed beauty was too ruthless, and if he didn't make a move, I was afraid that the flat-headed man and his companions would all die in the hands of this beauty.

After making up his mind, Darryl didn't directly take action, but turned his eyes, pretending to be panicked, and yelled: "Oh, there are poisonous snakes."

While shouting, he rushed towards the battlefield.

Ok?

Suddenly, I heard someone yelling, whether it was a beautiful lady in purple clothes, or a flat-headed man and others, I was taken aback.

At this moment, Darryl had already rushed forward, his face full of horror: "Everyone, don't fight, there are poisonous snakes in the woods, oh, I almost bit me..."

As he said, he grabbed the beautiful woman in purple, hiding behind her, looking at the woods nervously, with a panic.

In fact, there were no snakes in the woods, it was just Darryl pretending to come out.

At this moment, while holding the thin waist of the beautiful woman in purple clothes, Darryl's hand calmly touched the numb point on his right arm.

Sigh!

At the same time, Darryl couldn't help taking a deep breath when he smelled the fragrance on the beauty of the purple-clothed beauty. He almost became intoxicated. This beauty's figure is not only superb, but the smell on her body is also too good.

"you....."

Suddenly being held by Darryl, the beautiful purple-clothed beauty's beautiful face was instantly red, and her eyes flashed with strong killing intent: "Remove your dirty hands, get away..."

While scolding, the beautiful woman in purple clothes wanted to kill Darryl with a sword, but felt that he had no strength at all, so she held back.

At the same time, the flat-headed man and his companions also frowned secretly, looking at Darryl questioningly.

Who is this kid who suddenly appeared?

While doubting, many people subconsciously looked at the direction of the woods.

Is there a poisonous snake in it?

"There are really poisonous snakes." Seeing the murderous intent flashing in the eyes of the beautiful woman in purple clothes, Darryl didn't panic at all, but a look of horror appeared on her face: "This beautiful woman, I didn't mean to disturb, it's just... .There are really poisonous snakes in the woods."

When saying this, Darryl's hand was still tightly hugging the waist of the beautiful woman in purple clothes.

"you shut up."

The purple-clothed beauty was so angry that she coldly reprimanded: "What kind of snake is not a poisonous snake... Hurry up and let go, roll aside, or cut off your head."

In her heart, Darryl was just an ordinary person passing by. He should have encountered a snake in the woods, so she was frightened. Although she took a cruel move, she only targeted the people of the Cultivator's world, so even if Darryl held her waist around her waist, she still held back her identity.

Wow!

At this time, the flat-headed man and his accomplices also slowed down, yelling at Darryl one by one.

"Hey, get out of the way, don't get in the way."

"The sword has no shadow, it won't be good if you hurt you, so hurry up."

"Quickly out of the way..."

When shouting, the gazes of the flat-headed man and others kept staring at the beautiful purple-clothed beauty, without paying attention to Darryl at all.

Like the beauty in purple clothes, they also think that Darryl lives in nearby mountain people.

"Oh oh!"

Hearing what they said, Darryl pretended to be flustered and nodded, let go of his hand, and then stepped aside.

"Success to death."

At the moment when she released her hand, the beauty in purple clothes gave a cold voice, clasped her long sword, and directly attacked the flat-headed man.

Ok? what happened?

Just without taking a step, the beauty in purple clothes suddenly trembled and her eyebrows were tightly locked.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The third thousand one hundred and sixty-sixth chapter can not lose
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Why is the whole right arm soft?

At this time, the beauty in purple clothes was surprised to find that her right hand couldn't try any strength, and her entire right arm was unbearable.

Be yelling!

Immediately afterwards, the beauty in purple clothes was unstable in her hand, and the long sword fell to the ground.

Seeing this scene, the flat-headed man and his accomplices were overjoyed, and immediately before thinking about it, they rushed up and subdued the purple-clothed beauty.

"Ha ha..."

After tying the five flowers of the beautiful lady in purple, the flat-headed man was full of triumph and excitement: "The dignified red-clothed saint, even though she is extremely powerful, in the end, it won't fall into the hands of my Hao Dashuang? Haha..."

When talking about this, Hao Dashuang couldn't help but look up and down at the beauty in purple.

In his opinion, it was the beauty in purple clothes who continued to fight, which caused the internal strength to be exhausted, so he just took the unstable long sword. I didn't even realize that it was Darryl who helped them secretly.

The beauty in purple is called Leng Darryl, a saint in red, second only to the leader of the religion, and it can be said that one person is less than ten thousand people, and she is powerful, and she is known as the'relentless fairy' in the arena.

Damn it!

Hearing what Hao Dashuang said, Darryl was stunned and looked at Leng Yue in surprise.

Is she a cardinal? And still a saint?

Speaking of the Cardinal Sect, Darryl couldn't help thinking of the person named Wang Meng he had encountered in the Heavenly Mystery Realm before, as if Wang Meng belonged to the Cardinal Sect, and he was also a hall master.

At that time, Wang Meng relied on his power to force Darryl to cooperate. As a result, Darryl used the surrounding organ traps to consume Wang Meng's men a little bit. In the end, Wang Meng also died on the altar...

It can be said that after that incident, Darryl had always had a bad impression of the Red Clothes Cult. At this time, he was relieved to learn that this purple-clothed beauty was also the Red Cult.

Since this woman is from the Red Clothes, she is definitely not a good person. It seems that it was the right decision to help these big guys deal with her just now.

However, the words below Leng Yue made Darryl stunned again.

"You shameless people."

At this time, Leng Yue was tied up by the five flowers, her delicate face was full of resentment, and she coldly shouted at Hao Dashuang: "My cardinal and your Four Seas Alliance have always kept the water in the water, but today you rob our cardinals. The materials also killed dozens of our subordinates. If it weren't for the accident just now, I would kill you all scumbags."

When she said this, Leng Yue's eyes were full of anger.

Yes, the reason why Leng Yue hurt Hao Dashuang’s assassin just now is because today another batch of materials from the Cardinals will be delivered to the general altar from outside. As a result, when passing by this area, Hao Dashuang led someone to snatch it, not only that. All the red disciples who were escorted by him were killed.

At that time, Leng Yue was doing errands nearby, and when he learned of the situation, he rushed over immediately, and as soon as he started with Hao Dashuang's people, he was met by Darryl.

Uh....

At this moment, when he learned the general situation, Darryl suddenly felt ashamed.

It’s over, it’s embarrassing now. I thought I helped catch a female scourge, but I didn’t expect that it was these big men who provoked the dispute, and what Darryl did not expect was that Hao Dashuang and the others belonged to the Four Seas League. people.

Gu Sanniang, the general leader of the Four Seas League, is considered to be an acquaintance of Darryl.

Ha ha...

Just when Darryl was embarrassed, Hao Dashuang laughed up to the sky: "How about the things that you teach in red clothes that I took the people to grab? It is your honor to be favored by my Four Seas League, haha..."

As the head of the branch hall of the Four Seas League, Hao Dashuang is arrogant and bold. Moreover, the batch of materials escorted by the Cardinals contains a lot of gold and silver treasures. Most of the people in the Four Seas League are originally Jiangyang Thief. Treasures, how can you not be tempted?

But now that Leng Yue has been subdued, Hao Dashuang naturally has no worries.

"mean..."

Leng Yue was so angry, her face was full of frost: "You better let me go, otherwise, I guarantee that each of you will die without a place to be buried."

Although he was caught, his momentum still did not lose.

Hao Dashuang chuckled, without being frightened at all: "I finally caught you, this beauty, how could I let you go? Brothers, take this saint back to the village."

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The third thousand one hundred and sixty-seventh chapter do you know
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

"It's the hall master!"

Hearing the order, the surrounding members of the Four Seas League responded one after another, and then under Leng Darryl, they were about to return to the sub-forum with Hao Dashuang.

However, at this moment, Darryl walked out with a smile, and said, "Everyone, wait a minute."

When speaking, Darryl glanced at Leng Yue intentionally or unintentionally, with a bit of shame in his eyes. He thought that this woman was killing innocent people indiscriminately, but he did not expect that it was Hao Dashuang who provoked the incident. This group of people.

Speaking of which, Darryl has no good feelings for the Red Clothes Cult, but there is no hatred. Moreover, Leng Yue was arrested because of him, so Darryl planned to help her to make up for the mistakes he had just made.

Huh!

When the voice fell, no matter it was Hao Dashuang and others, even Leng Yue's eyes focused on Darryl.

This mountain man hasn't left yet?

Soon, Hao Dashuang reacted, and said angrily: "Boy, what are you doing?" The hall he manages is far away from the general altar, except for major events, so I rarely see the chief Gu San within a year. Mother, some time ago, Gu Sanniang released the news that each hallway met Darryl, so he should be polite and not neglect. Hao Dashuang also received this order, but he had never seen Darryl.

Therefore, Hao Dashuang at this time didn't know that the person in front of him was Gu Sanniang's distinguished guest.

hehe...

Facing Hao Dashuang's indifference, Darryl smiled slightly, and said one step closer: "Well...I just heard that you belong to the Four Seas League?" It's easy to do if you are all from the Four Seas League.

"good!"

Hao Dashuang looked at Darryl up and down, with an arrogant expression on his face: "I can't tell, you, an ordinary person, actually know our Four Seas League? If you know, hurry up and stay away, lest you get into trouble."

While speaking, he couldn't help but glance at Leng Darryl, unable to conceal his urgency.

At this time, Hao Dashuang was almost stunned by Leng Yue's appearance. He just wanted to return to the hall as soon as possible and feel the tenderness of the beauty. Naturally, he would not have a good expression on Darryl.

Darryl smiled and said: "Speaking of which, I am also a friend of your Four Seas Alliance. I have walked a lot just now and people are thirsty. Can you let me go back to the hall with me and ask for a cup of tea by the way?"

When speaking, Darryl looked polite.

To be honest, if it is weak, Darryl can easily knock down Hao Dashuang and the group, and then rescue Leng Yue away. However, Gu Sanniang is a pretty good woman, and it is not appropriate to hit her men.

More importantly, Darryl hadn't fully recovered his strength yet, so he really didn't want to be exposed.

What?

Hearing what Darryl said, both Hao Dashuang and the people behind him were taken aback, and they couldn't help but laugh one by one.

"This kid has a problem with his brain."

"Haha, what are you? We can also enter our hall if you want to enter?"

"It's interesting, haha..."

As everyone laughed, Hao Dashuang was also full of contempt, and waved his hand at Darryl impatiently: "Huh?, is your kid itchy, do you deliberately take Lao Tzu to make fun? Believe it or not, Lao Tzu slashed you."

The words are full of arrogance and contempt.

Sigh...

Seeing his attitude, Darryl frowned, but still smiled: "You are a hall master, I have no malice, and I believe you have no guts to move me."

When the last word fell, Darryl stood there, seemingly unremarkable, but his whole body was filled with a temperament that could not be underestimated.

Oops?

Hearing this, Hao Dashuang suddenly became angry, and looked at Darryl with a sneer: "It's really interesting, I still dare not touch you? Who do you think you are?"

Having said that, Hao Dashuang waved his hand: "Cut this kid down for me and throw it into the woods to feed the wild dogs!" Huh?, he is also the branch hall master of the dignified Four Seas League at this time. People threaten, if you don’t show some color, where should you put the back?

Wow!

The moment the voice fell, the two big men behind them directly pulled out their long swords and walked towards Darryl with a cold expression.

Darryl stood there, not panicking at all. Instead, he took out something from his body and shouted at Hao Dashuang: "Do you know this thing?"

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The third thousand one hundred and sixty-eight chapter rest
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

It was the token that Gu Sanniang gave to Darryl before, which symbolized the supreme right in the Four Seas League.

The reason why Darryl was so confident was because he had this token in his hand, after all, Hao Dashuang was just a hall master of the Four Seas League.

Ok?

At this time, several of his subordinates had already raised the long swords in their hands, but they were all taken aback when they saw the token in Darryl's hand.

At the same time, Hao Dashuang also shook his body and couldn't help but yelled: "Get back, you all get back." After saying this, he walked over quickly.

Hearing the order, several of his men stepped aside.

what's the situation?

Leng Darryl, who had been watching by the side, frowned at this moment, and was very puzzled.

Isn't this person just an ordinary mountain folk? Why is Hao Dashuang so excited when he sees what he is holding? Could it be that this person has another identity?

"you..."

At this time, Hao Dashuang had already walked in front of Darryl, staring closely at the token in Darryl's hand, his expression was complicated, and his tone was extremely astonished: "Where did you get this token?"

When speaking, Hao Dashuang tried his best to restrain the excitement in his heart. You must know that this token is too familiar to him. This is a token of the chief Gu Sanniang, symbolizing Gu Sanniang's supremacy in the Four Seas League.

And now, how can he not be surprised when he is in the hands of this kid?

hehe....

Seeing Hao Dashuang’s shocked look, Darryl showed a slight smile, with a calm face, and slowly responded: “This token was given to me by your chief Gu Sanniang. By the way, my name is Darryl. ."

Darryl?

Hearing this, Hao Dashuang's heart was shocked, staring at Darryl blankly, unable to speak for a while.

Is he Darryl? The VIP Gu Sanniang was talking about?

A few seconds later, Hao Dashuang squeezed out a smile, unspeakably polite and complimented: "Oh, it turned out to be Mr. Darryl, it was really flooded into the Dragon King Temple just now, and the family doesn't know the family anymore."

Having said that, Hao Dashuang hurriedly saluted: "Leader of the Beiling branch hall, Hao Dashuang has met Mr. Yue."

At this time, Hao Dashuang had a polite face and a little nervous in his heart.

In the entire Four Seas League, who didn't know that Darryl was Gu Sanniang's guest of honor, and he almost injured him with his hands just now. If Gu Sanniang knew about this, ten heads would not be enough to cut.

Now I can only hope that the Darryl in front of him can be a large number of adults and don't care about himself.

What?

Seeing this, the big guys around were also stunned.

This person is Gu Sanniang’s guest of honor, Mr. Yue?

At the same time, Leng Darryl, who was tied to the side, was in a mess. He had no strength at all, and he had such a high status in the Four Seas League. In this way, it seemed that he was still Gu Sanniang's friend. Otherwise, Hao Dashuang wouldn't be so polite to him.

While shocked, Leng Yue was also extremely ashamed and angry.

I thought it was an accident that my arm suddenly numb just now, but now it seems that this person is the ghost who pretended to be a mountain man. When he hugged me, he secretly used some means to cause my sword to fall to the ground. ..

As a saint of the Cardinal Sect, Leng Yue was gifted and intelligent. At this moment, she understood that she could be arrested and could not be separated from Darryl.

Leng Yue was even more embarrassed at the thought of being wrapped around her waist by Darryl just now.

"Hall Master Hao, don't have to be polite."

Feeling Hao Dashuang's uneasy mood, Darryl smiled slightly and waved his hand: "Don't blame anyone who doesn't know, I just happened to pass by just now."

Sigh!

Seeing him saying this, Hao Dashuang sighed deeply and said with a smiling face: "If you say this, Mr. Yue and I are really destined, haha... the entrance is not far away, Mr. Yue and us go back and drink Slobber, take a break."

Darryl nodded, and walked in the direction of Tangkou under Hao Dashuang's kind invitation.

Leng Yue was followed by those big guys.

Along the way, Darryl was almost dumbfounded when he felt Leng Yue's hostile gaze behind him. This woman must think that I and the Four Seas League are the same raccoon dog.

But thinking about it carefully, Leng Yue's arrest has a great relationship with herself.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Chapter 3169: Feihuang Tengda
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Forget it, go to the entrance of the hall where Hao Dashuang is, and then make good plans.

Darryl knew in his heart that, in his own capacity, it was not impossible to directly order Hao Dashuang to let Leng Yue go. He just thought about it and didn't have a proper reason.

Ten minutes later, Darryl and Hao Dashuang all returned to the Tangkou station.

This Tangkou station, in the deep mountains, is a copycat pattern. The surrounding environment is complex and easy to defend and difficult to attack.

"Hall Master!"

When the gate of the stockade was about to be reached, several guards standing there hurriedly greeted them. At the same time, all eyes were attracted by the tied Leng Yue.

Beautiful, such a beautiful woman.

Even though Leng Yue was tied up by the five flowers at this time, and his face was as cold as frost, he couldn't conceal the allure-like appearance, especially the charming curves, which made all the men in the mouth straight.

Speaking of it, the members of the Four Seas League are either Jiangyang thieves or villains expelled from various sects. It can be said that most of them are the poor and the most evil people. These people don’t know the manners of a gentleman at all, especially when they encounter Beautiful women, all eyes are extremely presumptuous.

Sigh!

Feeling everyone's gaze, staring at herself unscrupulously, Leng Yue seemed to have been greatly humiliated.

Her own dignified cardinal saint was caught at the entrance of the branch altar of the Four Seas League and was stared at by a group of stinky men. If this matter spreads to the Cultivator's world, the name will be ruined, how will you see people in the future? ?

Shame and anger, Leng Yue's hatred of Darryl deepened.

It's all this bastard, not him, and he won't be caught. If there is a chance to escape, he will be the first to kill this bastard.

"Everyone!"

Just when Leng Yue was embarrassed and angry, Hao Dashuang looked around and smiled and introduced: "Today, it is a big day for us. Not only did he catch the saint of the Cardinal Church, but also Sanniang's Distinguished guest, Mr. Yue is here too."

As he said, Hao Dashuang looked at Darryl with a compliment: "Mr. Darryl, it is really an honor for Hao Dashuang to come to our hall. I will prepare wine and food later. I hope Mr. Yue can give me a bit of noodles. I have a chance with my brothers to toast you a few cups."

"Tang Master Hao is polite." Darryl responded with a smile.

Hao Dashuang smiled humbly, then looked around and frowned: "What are you doing in a daze? Why don't you give Mr. Yue a courtesy?"

"I have seen Mr. Yue."

When the voice fell, everyone in the entire hall shouted in unison, shaking the sky.

Darryl smiled, nodded and greeted everyone. Later, Hao Dashuang was invited into the hall at the entrance of the hall, while Leng Yue was tied to a pillar in the hall.

Soon, under Hao Dashuang's arrangement, the people below prepared a sumptuous banquet. Because of his extraordinary status, Darryl was naturally placed in the main seat.

"Ha ha!"

At this time, Hao Dashuang was in a very good mood. He first raised his glass and smiled at Darryl: "When Sanniang issued the order before, I had a deep respect for Mr. Yue. I didn’t expect to be lucky enough to see him today, come, let me respect. You have a cup."

When the voice fell, the other little bosses around also toasted to Darryl.

Darryl was not polite, and drank the wine in one go.

But while drinking, Darryl's gaze couldn't help but observe Leng Yue who was tied to the pillar, and saw that her face was still angry, but his gaze was a little desperate.

Unconsciously, the wine has been around three times.

At this time, Hao Dashuang offered another glass of wine to Darryl. At that time, he glanced at Leng Darryl, his eyes flickering, as if he was thinking about something.

In the next second, Hao Dashuang looked at Darryl with a flattering expression: "Mr. Darryl, since ancient times, a hero has been a beautiful woman. It is fortunate to be able to meet my husband today. Hao Dashuang has nothing to express. Give it to sir."

Having said that, Hao Dashuang looked at the sky outside and continued: "When the banquet is over, I will send this cardinal saint to the back room, and let Mr. Yue enjoy the gentleness of the beauty, haha..."

When talking about this, Hao Dashuang glanced deeply on Leng Yue's charming curve, and speaking of it, such a charming beauty, who wouldn't want to enjoy it by herself? But Hao Dashuang knew in his heart that Darrylneng was favored by Gu Sanniang, and he must have something to do with others. If he could have a good relationship with him, he would surely rise to success in the Four Seas League in the future.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The third thousand one hundred and seventy chapters look down
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

It is absolutely worthwhile to trade a saint of cardinal religion for better development.

Wow!

When the voice fell, all the little bosses present agreed and agreed.

"The hall master is right, and only Mr. Yue is qualified to enjoy this kind of beauty."

"Yes, it's an honor for her to serve Mr. Yue."

When talking about this, these little bosses, one by one, also kept on Leng Yue's body, wandering freely. None of them are kind, and there is nothing bad.

But like Hao Dashuang, they knew in their hearts that there would be a lot of benefits in dedicating this cardinal saint to Darryl.

"You shameless people..."

Seeing this situation, Leng Yue’s beautiful face instantly turned red, and her delicate body was constantly trembling with anger. She couldn’t help shouting, “You’d better let me go, otherwise, I will tell you to die without being buried. land."

With that, Leng Yue tried to break free, but the acupoints were blocked, and his hands and feet were tightly tied, to no avail.

hehe...

Facing her angry rebuke, Hao Dashuang didn't panic at all, and said triumphantly: "Tsk tsk.... You are now a mud bodhisattva crossing the river, and you are hard to protect yourself. You dare to speak wildly to me? Let you go, do you think it is possible? ?"

"I advise you to think carefully about how to serve Mr. Yue later, haha..."

Hearing this, Leng Yue was anxious and almost fainted.

"Mr. Yue!"

At this time, Hao Dashuang said to Darryl with a pleased look: "The time is almost up, sir, rest. I'll send the beauty over later."

As he said, Hao Dashuang deliberately got closer and lowered his voice: "Sir, don't panic, this woman was acupuncture points by me, and she won't do anything to her husband. Just enjoy it, hehe..."

When it comes to the end, Hao Dashuang's face is full of wretchedness.

Darryl smiled, but did not respond.

Huh!

At this moment, Leng Yue's gaze was also like a sharp sword, locking on Darryl tightly.

This person is despicable and cunning. If he takes away his innocence, he might as well die.

Darryl pretended not to see Leng Yue's hostility, but took a deep breath, and smiled at Hao Dashuang: "I understand the kindness of Hall Master Hao."

Uh....

Hearing this, Hao Dashuang was stunned and asked incomprehensibly: "Mr. Yue doesn't like beautiful women?" This cold moon, but the saint of the cardinal, is known as the ruthless fairy in the world, not only has she grown into a country. Allure, the body curve is also a must, I don't know how many heroes of the world have fascinated.

And the Mr. Yue in front of him seemed to have no interest in her at all, which was really confusing.

At the same time, the little bosses around also looked at Darryl in surprise.

Darryl smiled slightly, glanced at Leng Yue lightly, and said lightly: "Speaking of which, this woman does have a bit of appearance, but in my eyes, it's just mediocre, and I really don't have any interest."

When speaking, Darryl looked proudly.

Yes, Darryl did this deliberately. After all, he is Gu Sanniang's VIP guest. If he is too lustful in front of Gu Sanniang's hands, it is really inconsistent with his identity.

More importantly, Leng Yue has always looked at Darryl with hatred all the way since her here. The high-cold appearance made Darryl feel very upset, so she deliberately teased her at this time.

What?

Hearing this, both Hao Dashuang and the little bosses were all dumbfounded.

The well-known "Relentless Fairy", with such an overwhelming appearance, can be described as ordinary by Mr. Yue in front of him?

Huh!

At the same time, Leng Yue was also shocked, staring at Darryl closely, unable to conceal his shame.

She has a magnificent red-clothed saint, and she looks like a fairy who has fallen to the earth. No matter which man sees it, she will be fascinated. But when the man in front of you speaks, it turns out to be just average?

Leng Yue is a woman after all, if Darryl showed a lecherous side, she would only have disgust in her heart. But he said that his appearance was average, and his self-esteem was like being despised, which was simply unbearable.

"Uh...."

At this time, Hao Dashuang was the first to react, and said with a shame on Darryl: "Mr. Yue is very knowledgeable, and naturally he reads countless women. Naturally, he doesn't like such a vulgar fan."

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Chapter 3171
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

"However, in my mouth, there are all big bosses, and the only one who can tell is the saint woman. Please pay attention to Mr. Yue."

When he said this, Hao Dashuang's eyes were full of complexity.

To be honest, Darryl refused to enjoy Leng Darryl, which surprised Hao Dashuang. At that time, an idea popped up in his mind, that is to enjoy it by himself, but he still gave up.

After all, Darryl is the chief's guest, and he finally came to his hall. If he doesn't treat him well, how can he become so proud in the future?

So Hao Dashuang made up his mind. Even if Darryl didn't like Leng Darryl, he couldn't enjoy the tenderness of beautiful women alone. This was an attitude of being in the world.

this...

Seeing him say this, Darryl scratched his head and made a very embarrassed look.

In the next second, Darryl looked around and smiled: "The hall master is so kind, it is impossible to refuse, but when dealing with this saint just now, many brothers around were involved, let me enjoy the beauty, it seems Somewhat inappropriate."

"Why don't it be like this, when we have a drinking competition, whoever wins in the end will enjoy this cardinal saint. How?"

After speaking the last sentence, Darryl looked at the audience with a smile.

Wow!

At this moment, the whole hall was in an uproar. Whether it was Hao Dashuang or the little bosses around, they were shocked and excited at the same time.

"Can this be done?"

"Mr. Yue is indeed not an ordinary person, this proposal is very good..."

"Haha... In this way, doesn't everyone have a chance?"

Under the discussion, Hao Dashuang couldn't help laughing, and complimented Darryl: "Mr. Yue wants to give up a beautiful woman. Such a mindfulness is really admirable."

You know, this Leng Yue is a stunning beauty, and Darryl let it out without hesitation, which is really admirable.

Huh!

But Leng Darryl, who was tied there, was anxious, almost fainting, and at the same time a pair of eyes stared at Darryl fiercely.

If the eyes can kill people, I'm afraid Darryl has already died thousands of times.

Leng Yue at this time was raging, as if she had been greatly humiliated.

This bastard named Mr. Darryl, if he can’t appreciate my beauty, it’s fine. He even proposed to let everyone win over wine. Whoever wins can enjoy me... His own majestic cardinal saint, when did he receive such a humiliation?

In anger, Leng Yue swears fiercely in her heart.

If you can escape by luck today, all the people here must be killed and not left behind.

With Leng Yue's fierce gaze, Darrylzhi pretended not to see it. At this moment, he picked up a wine jar and looked around: "It seems that you are all very interested. Come, since I proposed this rule, it is up to me. Come to check, who will challenge first?"

The voice is not loud, but it is full of pride.

Wow!

When the voice fell, many people stood up one after another, and they were about to fight with Darryl.

"I come..."

"You can't, let me drink with Mr. Yue..."

"I.."

As everyone shouted, Hao Dashuang stood up with a confident expression on his face, and said humblely at Darryl: "Mr. Yue is so interested. I, Hao Dashuang, naturally sacrificed my life to accompany the gentleman. Come, this first scene, I drink with Mr. Yue."

When the words fell, Hao Dashuang also picked up a wine jar, opened the sealing mud at the mouth of the jar, touched Darryl, and then raised his head to drink.

"Hall Master Hao is really good drinker."

Darryl said with a smile, and raised his head, slurping down a jar of wine.

Just a few seconds in the blink of an eye, a jar of wine was down, Darryl's face remained unchanged, and his eyes were even more radiant. You know, he is the body of the Profound Saint, not only invincible, but also immune to alcohol. As long as he secretly operates his divine power, let alone an altar, he will not be drunk even after drinking it for a day.

Sigh....

Seeing this scene, the little bosses around, looking at Darryl one by one, were all dumbfounded and shocked.

I can't tell, Mr. Yue looks thin, and he has such a big drink. A jar of wine will be drunk in the blink of an eye?

Gulp Gulp...

At this moment, Hao Dashuang also drank up a jar of wine. However, his face flushed, and compared with Darryl's face unchanged, he made a judgment.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The third thousand one hundred and seventy-two chapters of resentment
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Darryl glanced at Hao Dashuang with a smile, and nodded secretly.

Drinking a jar of wine in ten seconds, the amount of Hao Dashuang's drink is not bad, but it is a pity that you ran into me.

Thinking about it, Darryl showed a slight smile: "Hall Master Hao? Go on."

With that, Darryl opened another jar of wine and poured it straight down.

"continue!"

Hao Dashuang nodded, opened a jug of wine, and drank it with his head up. However, this time he only drank half of it, and he was a little untenable. His body swayed and he could fall down at any time.

Puff!

Finally, Hao Dashuang really couldn't hold it any longer, and put down the wine jar with admiration all over his face: "Mr. Darryl, it's a good drink, I'm willing to bow down to Hao Dashuang."

Darryl smiled slightly, then looked around: "Which other brother is going to come up and compare with me?"

"I!"

As soon as the voice fell, the surrounding little bosses yelled in response.

Darryl didn't talk nonsense, whoever came up to challenge, he directly picked up the wine jar and drank it. In less than ten minutes, many bosses were drunk and fell on the ground.

"Ha ha."

At this time, Hao Dashuang was sitting there, looking at Darryl with admiration: "Mr. Yue is really massive, and I, Hao Dashuang, really opened my eyes today."

With that, Hao Dashuang pointed to Leng Yue who was tied to the pillar: "Mr. Darryl, it seems that this is God's will, this beauty, it's yours, haha..."

When the voice fell, the little bosses around also nodded one after another. At the same time, I am envious, but there is no way, who can make this Mr. Yue drink so much?

well!

However, Darryl sighed and smiled bitterly: "The purpose of this wine fight is to have a good drink with your brothers. I didn't expect that I won in the end."

"Since it is God's will, then I am disrespectful."

When he said these, Darryl's expression was still unfinished.

Hearing these words, Hao Dashuang and the little bosses around were very depressed.

We fight for wine, the ultimate goal is to enjoy the beauty of tenderness, this Mr. Yue is good, just want to simply drink, it is really better than people, maddening people.

Leng Yue was also embarrassed.

This bastard, is he so bad? Haven't been interesting yet?

"What are you doing in a daze?" At this time, Hao Dashuang smiled and waved his hand: "Go and bring the beauty to Mr. Yue."

When the voice fell, the two little bosses walked over, untied the rope on Leng Yue's body, and then brought them to Darryl.

"Mr. Yue!"

At this time, Hao Dashuang pushed Leng Yue into Darryl's arms by his drunkenness, and said with a big smile: "The spring night is worth a lot of money, haha, Mr. Yue enjoy it."

smell good!

Darryl subconsciously hugged Leng Yue's thin waist, only to feel a scent of fragrance coming, and he was also a little confused at the time.

However, meeting Leng Yue's hateful gaze, Darryl quickly woke up and saw that Leng Yue's pretty face was cold, and he wanted to kill him like that.

Ha ha...

Is this woman going crazy?

"Haha, Mr. Yue enjoy it." At this moment, Hao Dashuang laughed, and then asked the two subordinates to take Darryl to rest.

Soon, when he arrived at a rest room at the back, Darryl carried Leng Darryl, closed the door first, and then put her on the bed. The room was not far from the hall, and Hao Dashuang and other people could be heard constantly making noise.

"you..."

At this time, Leng Yue lay there, unable to move because the acupuncture point was tapped, her eyes glaring at Darryl: "You despicable thing, if you dare to touch me, I want your corpse to be broken."

In a word, it was almost squeezed out from between the teeth, revealing a deep resentment.

Damn it!

Hearing this, Darryl was speechless, and said with a smile at the time: "Okay, don't bark, I have many women, and I really don't have any interest in you."

He's really not bragging, there are so many confidantes in the Mainlands mainland, Yvonne, Debra, Qin Rongyin...Which one is not all over the country?

Hearing this, Leng Yue trembled all over, and was too angry to speak.

"All right!"

At this time Darryl was too lazy to talk nonsense, and slowly said: "We have no grievances and no grudges. I am responsible for your arrest. When I untie your rope, you can go quickly. Hao Dashuang and the others have drunk a lot of wine. In a short time, you will not be found out."

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The third thousand one hundred and seventy-three chapters are welcome
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Hearing this, Leng Yuexiu frowned, and then she couldn't hide her contempt: "Don't be pretentious in front of me, I don't need you to help, get out, don't let me see you."

In her eyes, these scums like Darryl and Hao Dashuang are like a raccoon, it is impossible to save her, Darryl said so, just pretending to be unkind secretly.

Uh....

Feeling Leng Yue's cold arrogance from thousands of miles away, Darryl couldn't laugh or cry.

This woman is too cold, why doesn't she know good people?

......

At this moment, in the hall outside.

Hao Dashuang was still fighting wine with his men, and he saw that many people were already drunk, and even a few of them had drunk under the table.

Hao Dashuang also drank a lot, his face flushed, but he was happy today and he must not be drunk or return home.

Whoosh!

However, at this moment, a figure flew from a distance and landed steadily outside the entrance of the hall.

He is a handsome young man.

I saw him holding a folding fan in hand, wearing a white gown, face like a crown jade, extraordinary temperament, well-known talent, but there was a cold and arrogant air between his brows.

It is Xu Wenliang, the big disciple of Nianhua Palace.

Speaking of it, the Nianhua Palace and the Four Seas League have had some festivals. Xu Wenliang was passing by this area today and learned that Hao Dashuang of the Four Seas League had robbed the Cardinals’ supplies, and that there were gold and silver treasures in this batch of supplies. Come and have a look specially.

"Huh? Someone is coming!"

"Who? Dare to break into the entrance of my Sihai League?"

"This kid looks familiar...seems to be from Nianhua Palace..."

At this moment, Xu Wenliang had just landed, and the guards guarding the entrance of the hall immediately locked Xu Wenliang's eyes, and they yelled at them one by one.

Faced with the anger from the crowd, Xu Wenliang chuckled, eyes full of disdain, and said coldly: "Stop talking nonsense, I am Xu Wenliang from the Nianhua Palace. I heard that you robbed a batch of supplies today. Those who are acquainted with you are all. Hand it over, or I'll level it here."

The voice is not loud, but it is extremely cold and arrogant.

Xu Wenliang is self-sufficient and strong, and he hasn't paid attention to a small four-sea alliance at all.

Mad, this kid has a lot of tone!

Hearing this, all the guards were frightened. This kid was so arrogant. He was so arrogant that he would dare to speak out in front of the Four Seas League?

"It's really Xu Wenliang...you're trespassing in our hall, you are really looking for death."

"Get out quickly, otherwise, don't blame us for being impolite."

"Huh?, do you think that our Four Seas Alliance is afraid of you Nianhua Palace? You said we have to hand over the supplies? What are you?"

In fright, several guards couldn't help but yell.

At this time, the head of the guard captain looked at Xu Wenliang coldly, and said angrily: "Xu Wenliang, right? You should disappear quickly, otherwise you will be at your own risk."

hehe....

Xu Wenliang sneered when they heard the anger from the crowd, and a bit of murderous intent flashed in his eyes: "A bunch of things with no bead, just with you little ones, is it worthy to yell with me?"

"Die all to me!"

When the last word fell, Xu Wenliang's internal force was running, his body was like a cannonball, and he rushed directly in front of the guard captain, slapped hard and slapped him directly in the heart.

boom!

I have to say that Xu Wenliang deserves to be the chief disciple of Twisting Flower Palace. His shot was as quick as an electric shock. The captain of the guard was unable to react at all. At that time, he was slapped firmly with this palm on his body. The body flew upside down a few meters, and finally fell heavily to the ground.

The moment he landed, the guard captain's eyes widened and he died!

hiss!

Seeing this scene, the other guards on the scene trembled and couldn't help but breathe in cold air.

This... the strength of this kid is so powerful? Just a palm hit the captain to death.

"Hurry up and call someone, let's go together."

After a few seconds, several guards glanced at each other, and burst out internal forces, rushing directly towards Xu Wenliang, while at the same time, someone ran into the entrance of the hall to call for support.

Wow....

Within a few seconds, I saw many members of the Four Seas League rushing out of the hall, there were hundreds of people, one by one, Xu Wenliang was locked.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Chapter three hundred and seventy-four
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

"A bunch of mobs!"

Seeing so many people coming out of the other party, Xu Wenliang didn't panic at all, said coldly, put away the folding fan, and drew out the portable long sword.

Chick chick...

In the next second, Xu Wenliang's internal strength exploded, and the long sword in his hand buzzed, like a spiritual snake, cutting through the sky and coming towards everyone.

Feeling Xu Wenliang's fierce swordsmanship, all the members of the Four Seas League present were jealous, but none of them flinched, but gritted their teeth and swarmed forward.

"court death!"

Xu Wenliang smirked at the corner of his mouth, and saw the long sword burst out with cold light, covering everyone who rushed up. In just a few breaths, many members of the Four Seas League screamed and fell in a pool of blood.

Although all of these Four Seas Alliance members are not weak, they have no room to fight back against a tough opponent like Xu Wenliang.

"Huh?, stop Lao Tzu!"

Just when Xu Wenliang started to kill, suddenly, he heard a violent shout from inside the hall, and then Hao Dashuang walked out angrily.

Huh!

After coming out, Hao Dashuang locked Xu Wenliang tightly, with endless anger flashing in his eyes: "Xu Wenliang, you are so courageous, you dare to kill me from the Four Seas Alliance."

As the head of the branch of the Sihai League, Hao Dashuang naturally knew Xu Wenliang.

At this time, Hao Dashuang was very angry, because he clearly saw that his subordinates fell to the ground one by one, the ground was stained red with blood.

"Haha, Hall Master Hao, you came out just right."

In the face of Hao Dashuang’s anger, Xu Wenliang did not panic at all. Instead, with a condescending posture, he said coldly: "I heard that you intercepted a batch of materials today. I am very interested in this batch of materials. You can hand them over directly."

The tone is cold and arrogant, beyond doubt.

Mad, this kid wants to snatch supplies?

Hearing this, Hao Dashuang clenched his fists tightly, his heart was unforgivable, and he shouted angrily: "Good boy, you hurt us in the Four Seas Alliance and want to snatch supplies? I think you are living impatiently."

Hum!

When the voice fell, Hao Dashuang's internal force urged, and then raised his hand with a wave, a long knife appeared in his hand.

Immediately afterwards, Hao Dashuang roared, and the long knife in his hand burst out with a dazzling light, slashing directly at Xu Wenliang.

"hehe!"

Seeing Hao Dashuang burst out, Xu Wenliang's mouth was contemptuous. He didn't back down at the slightest, but clenched the long sword, his figure flashed and directly confronted him.

boom!

The two figures met in mid-air and heard a dull sound. Then, Hao Dashuang snorted. He was shot more than ten meters away. The moment he landed, his face was pale, and he seemed to be unable to stand firmly.

And Xu Wenliang, instead, fell lightly to the ground, his expression as usual.

Obviously, Hao Dashuang suffered a loss just now when the two sides fought against each other. Although he is the head of the branch hall, he still has a lot of strength in the face of the chief disciple of the Nianhua Palace.

Mad! This kid is very strong.

At this time, Hao Dashuang steadied his figure, staring at Xu Wenliang, unable to conceal his shock.

Speaking of, Hao Dashuang and Xu Wenliang fought against each other a year ago. At that time, they were evenly matched, but never expected that one year later, this kid's strength increased so quickly.

You should know that with the knife just now, he exploded 80% of his internal strength, but for Xu Wenliang, there was no threat at all, and it was so easy to stop it.

hehe...

Just when Hao Dashuang was secretly shocked, Xu Wenliang showed a scornful smile and slowly walked over: "You are a mediocre person like you, are you embarrassed to show your ugliness in front of me?"

When the voice fell, Xu Wenliang accelerated suddenly and hit Hao Dashuang with a palm.

"boom!"

Xu Wenliang's speed was too fast, and Hao Dashuang had no time to dodge. In addition, he had drunk a lot of alcohol before and couldn't keep up with his reaction. He was slapped in his heart, and he heard a dull sound, and the whole person flew out again.

"puff!"

The moment he landed, Hao Dashuang spurted out another mouthful of blood, his face was pale, and his eyes were frightened. Before he could react, Xu Wenliang walked over quickly, stepped on him, and the long sword reached his. Heart.

"Can you deliver the materials?"

Xu Wenliang looked at him condescendingly, with an extremely proud tone.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The third thousand one hundred and seventy-fifth chapter is him again?
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

"Fuck you code!"

Being stepped on by Xu Wenliang, Hao Dashuang felt ashamed. He was also the hall master of the Four Seas League, but was stepped on by a disciple of Nianhua Palace.

How could you swallow this bad breath?

In anger, Hao Dashuang vomited a mouthful of blood and howled: "Xu Wenliang, if you are capable, kill me directly, otherwise, I will kill you without a place to bury you."

I took my brothers and tried my best to grab this batch of supplies. How could it be handed over to Xu Wenliang?

More importantly, dignity cannot be lost.

"Quite stiff!"

Hearing this, Xu Wenliang sneered, and his eyes flashed with cruelty: "Since you want to die, then I will fulfill you." The voice fell, and the long sword pierced out, piercing directly into Hao Dashuang's heart. Blood hole.

The blood spurted out, and Hao Dashuang's eyes widened, his body twitched a few times, and he was instantly breathless.

"Hall Master!"

"The Hall Master..."

Seeing this scene, the surrounding members of the Four Seas League couldn't help crying out, and at the same time their eyes fixed on Xu Wenliang.

"Asshole, actually killed our hall master."

"Vengeance for the Hall Master..."

"Go together..."

After shouting, all the members of the Four Seas League present were extremely angry, rushing towards Xu Wenliang like a tide.

"Being self-reliant!"

Xu Wenliang's face was full of disdain, and he gave a cold snort, clutching the long sword, and rushed directly into the crowd. His figure resembled a ghost, and the swordsmanship was even more weird and fierce. Every time the long sword was swung, a member of the Four Seas Alliance must fall. Down.

......

On the other side, in the room.

Darryl smiled bitterly, still confronting Leng Yue.

At this moment Leng Darryl, her extremely beautiful and arrogant face was full of disgust and contempt, and she looked at Darryl coldly: "Why don't you get out? I said, I don't need your help."

I thought that this person was just a passing mountain man, but he didn't expect that he turned out to be a guest of Gu Sanniang, the chief of the Four Seas League.

Leng Yue couldn't rub a grain of sand in her eyes, thinking that she had been deceived by Darryl, and Darryl said that she was just normal and naturally didn't have a good face.

Well...

Darryl was speechless, but he untied the ropes on her body: "No matter what you say." With that, Darryl was still ready to untie the acupuncture points on her body, but he still held back.

This woman has a cold and arrogant disposition, and hates herself and Hao Dashuang.

Seeing that Darryl had really loosened her tie, Leng Yue was stunned.

Does this man really want to save me?

Muttering in her heart, Leng Yue secretly tried to open the acupuncture points.

hehe...

Seeing her suspicious look, Darryl couldn't laugh or cry: "I've already helped you untie the rope, you go quickly..." As he said, Darryl frowned at the sound of fighting outside.

what's the situation? Hao Dashuang and his gang are drinking? Why did you fight?

Thinking about it, Darryl quickly turned and walked out of the room.

Damn it!

When he got outside, Darryl was stunned when he saw the scene in front of him.

I saw that the open space outside the hall was like hell, and many members of the Four Seas League fell in a pool of blood, and the blood stained the ground red.

Not far away, Hao Dashuang lay there covered in blood and lost his breath.

And near the hall, dozens of members of the Four Seas League were besieging a handsome figure, wearing a white gown, handsome, but the shot was extremely fierce, killing him.

And that handsome figure was exactly Xu Wenliang who had met Darryl once before.

Damn it! Why is this kid?

Seeing Xu Wenliang, Darryl frowned immediately, unable to conceal his disgust.

A few days ago, Chunyang Palace held a martial arts conference. Xu Wenliang suddenly made trouble. At that time, he defeated Jiang Hongyu and many elite disciples in Chunyang Palace. He was extremely arrogant and even took action against Jiang Hongyu.

At that time, after Darryl arrived, he competed with him as the pavilion master of the Dan Pavilion, and finally taught him a lesson. He thought that this kid would be somewhat restrained, but he didn't expect that at this time, he would kill him here.

This Xu Wenliang was really cruel, not only killed Hao Dashuang, but also injured so many people in the Four Seas League.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Chapter 3176
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

To be honest, Darryl and Hao Dashuang don’t have much friendship, and they can only be regarded as new acquaintances, but anyway, Hao Dashuang is Gu Sanniang’s subordinate, and he has been very polite to himself just now. At this time, seeing him die so miserably, Darryl couldn't help feeling a little regretful.

More importantly, Hao Dashuang died in the hands of people like Xu Wenliang, which made Darryl unacceptable for a while.

Mad! This kid is really lawless.

Soon, Darryl reacted and was about to stop Xu Wenliang.

Hum!

However, at this moment, a strong wind suddenly came from behind him.

Darryl's heart was startled, and when he looked back subconsciously, he saw that Leng Yue actually rushed through the acupuncture points. At this time, he was biting his lips, and his beautiful face was full of shame and anger, and his whole body burst out, condensing on his right palm. , Hit Darryl's back fiercely.

All this happened too quickly, and Darryl was standing at the door, too late to dodge.

"Boom!"

This palm slammed Darryl firmly, making a muffled noise. Even though Darryl possessed the body of Profound Saint, under Leng Yue’s full blow, his body was shocked and flew away. Flew more than ten meters away, and fell heavily on the ground, spurting out a mouthful of blood!

Before, Leng Yue was greatly humiliated by everyone in Hao Dashuang. After rushing through the acupuncture points, he sent all the anger on Darryl.

Fuck!, this woman is too cruel.

At the moment he landed, Darryl only felt a burst of pain coming from his body, almost fainting, and at the same time, his heart was also depressed.

This cold moon is really crazy, I saved you, but you in turn raided me.

In fright, Darryl wanted to struggle to stand up, but Leng Yue’s palm was too powerful, and Darryl hadn’t recovered his peak strength. At this time, he only felt soft and weak. Can't try it out.

"You shameless scum!"

Perceiving Darryl’s speechless gaze, Leng Yue’s beautiful face was full of disgust, and said coldly: “Don’t think that you just let me go, I will be grateful to you, you and these Four Seas Alliance, you deserve to die. ."

With that said, Leng Yue walked over quickly and looked at Darryl condescendingly: "Let's talk, how do you want to die?"

At this time, Leng Yue was full of murderous intent. When he thought that because of him, he was not only arrested by Hao Dashuang, but also almost humiliated. Leng Yue couldn't conceal his anger!

Leng Yue thought about it, not to let Darryl die too happily, to tortured him to survive, and to die, only then can he get rid of the hatred in his heart!

Fuck!!

Feeling the coldness of Leng Darryl, Darryl was about to cry without tears, but a faint smile appeared at the corner of his mouth: "Beauty, I saved you, but you are doing this to me, do you avenge your gratitude?"

"Snap!"

As soon as the voice fell, Leng Yue's pretty face was cold, and she raised her jade hand and slapped Darryl fiercely!

Just after being assaulted by Leng Darryl, Darryl was severely injured. He was very weak and couldn't dodge at all. This slap was so strong that his face suddenly swelled!

"You save me?" Leng Yue glared at Darryl and said coldly: "If it weren't for you before, I wouldn't have been caught by Hao Dashuang's group. Moreover, you are all raccoon dogs. Put away your hypocrisy. "

Bang bang bang...

As he was talking, outside the hall, Xu Wenliang had already killed all the remaining members of the Four Seas League. Then the figure flashed and rushed in.

Sigh....

At this moment, seeing Leng Darryl, Xu Wenliang couldn't help taking a deep breath, and the whole person was dumbfounded.

Beautiful, so beautiful.

It has to be said that Leng Yue is known as a ruthless fairy in the arena, and it is definitely not a vain name, not only is beautiful, but also has a unique temperament.

Speaking of it, Xu Wenliang often walks around the Cultivator's world, but he has only heard of Lengyue's name, and has never seen a real person. When he saw it at this time, he was shocked as a heavenly person, and his eyes became straight.

I saw that Leng Yue was wearing a long skirt, which showed her sexy figure to the fullest. Although anger filled his body at this time, it also gave people a different kind of beauty.

"Who are you?"

Xu Wenliang's gaze made Leng Yue very displeased, but seeing him killing Hao Dashuang and others, she suppressed her anger, and said coldly: "Look at your dress, you don't look like a member of the Four Seas League."

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The third thousand one hundred and seventy-seventh chapter attainments
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Sigh!

Hearing the question, Xu Wenliang came back to his senses and said with a smile: "In Xia Tianhua Palace, Xu Wenliang, dare to ask the beauty of her name?" When she was indulged in Lengyue's beauty just now, Xu Wenliang also wondered in her heart whether this woman is the Four Seas League. People.

But when she spoke, Xu Wenliang knew that this woman had nothing to do with the Four Seas League, otherwise she wouldn't ask.

Twisting Flower Palace?

Hearing this, Leng Yue immediately put down his vigilance, and said lightly: "The Saintess of the Cardinal Cult, Leng Yue." While speaking, Leng Yue couldn't help but look at Xu Wenliang.

In recent years, the Nianhua Palace has been in the limelight. As the chief disciple, Xu Wenliang has made many famous names. Leng Yue has also heard about it.

"Oops!"

Seeing Leng Yue self-reported his family, Xu Wenliang frowned, unspeakably surprised and excited: "It turns out to be a famous'relentless fairy', disrespectful and disrespectful, haha..."

While talking, Xu Wenliang was shocked when he saw Darryl who had been hit hard by Leng Yue.

Huh?, isn't this the Pill Pavilion Master of Pure Yang Palace? Why are you here? And looking like this, it seems that he was injured.

However, Xu Wenliang's city mansion was very deep, although he was shocked, he did not show it on his face.

Faced with Xu Wenliang’s enthusiasm, Leng Yue was very indifferent. After clicking a little bit, she asked, “What are you doing here?" Speaking of which, due to her personality, she would not take the initiative to talk to people, but Xu Wengi helped her kill Hao Dashuang, and asked politely.

Xu Wenliang smiled and said: "This is a coincidence. I heard that people like the Four Seas League robbed a batch of supplies. I just passed by here, so I just came over to take a look."

Listening to him mentioning supplies, Leng Yue's beautiful face couldn't conceal his anger: "That batch of supplies belonged to our cardinals."

"I see!"

Xu Wenliang was stunned, and then smiled and said: "Looking at this, the fairy is also here to recover supplies. Speaking of it, this Four Seas League is really too rampant. Even your cardinals dared to snatch things, it's almost dead. ."

With that said, Xu Wenliang looked at the corpses outside the hall and couldn't hide his pride: "I don't like them the most, so I killed them all just now."

When he said this, Xu Wenliang's face was full of compliments. His original purpose was to grab supplies, but he was attracted by Leng Yue's beauty at the moment. How could he tell the truth?

Ok!

Hearing this, Leng Yue nodded and responded.

"Fairy!"

At this time, Xu Wenliang pretended to have discovered Darryl, and asked knowingly, "Who is this kid? He doesn't have any strength at all, he wouldn't be the cook here, right?"

He pretended not to know Darryl, but he didn't forget to belittle him.

Leng Yue snorted, glanced at Darryl, and said coldly: "This person is very cunning. Although he has no strength, he has an unusual status. According to Hao Dashuang, he is Gu Sanniang's guest."

At this time, Leng Yue had already regarded Xu Wenliang as her own, and said everything she knew, but she didn't know that Darryl had another identity, that is, the Lord of the Dan Pavilion.

What?

Hearing this, Xu Wenliang was stunned at once, looked at Darryl in surprise, and muttered in his heart.

This kid has a lot of identities, not only the master of Pill Pavilion of Chunyang Palace, but also Gu Sanniang's distinguished guest?

Just when Xu Wenliang was surprised, Leng Yue seemed too lazy to talk nonsense, picked up a long sword next to it, and pierced towards Darryl's heart.

This person almost lost his fame because of his harm, and must not let him live.

Damn it!

Seeing the long sword stabbing, Darryl couldn't avoid it, and he was immediately frightened.

This cold moon is too cruel, I just said at the banquet just now that I was not interested in you and you were going to kill me, it was so cruel and ruthless.

At the same time, Xu Wenliang was also taken aback, and hurriedly shouted: "Be merciful under the Fairy Sword." While shouting, he looked at Darryl complicatedly.

Speaking of which, Xu Wenliang lost his face in front of Darryl a few days ago, wishing to slash him a thousand times, but in any case, Darryl is the alchemy master of the Pure Yang Palace, and he is unique in alchemy. Attainments.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Chapter 3178 is admirable
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

You know, the alchemy of Ziwei mainland has been lost for thousands of years, and finally a Darryl appeared. If it just died like this, it would be a pity.

"how?"

Leng Yue stopped the sword and looked at Xu Wenliang in a close lock, "Do you know him?"

When asking, Leng Yue's eyes showed some suspicion. If Xu Wenliang knows Darryl or is a friend, then don't mind killing him together.

Sigh!

Feeling the killing intent in Leng Yue's eyes, Xu Wenliang's heart trembled, and then he smiled and denied: "The fairy can really laugh, how can I know this person?"

He could see that Leng Yue hated Darryl deeply. Under this circumstance, he would naturally not admit that he had seen Darryl before. First, he originally wanted to avenge Darryl, and second, he was obsessed with Leng Yue's beauty, and wanted to leave a good impression in her heart.

This idiot...

Seeing Xu Wenliang's ingratiating appearance, Darryl contempted him from the bottom of his heart.

Seeing Leng Yue's beautiful appearance, this kid almost fell out of his eyes. Moreover, he kept saying that he didn't know me, what bad idea was he making in his heart?

Hearing the answer, Leng Yue's expression eased a little, and then she asked in a puzzled manner: "Since I don't know him, why don't you let me kill him?"

Having said that, Leng Yue gave Darryl a fierce look.

Thinking of what happened before, Leng Yue was so angry that she couldn't wait to cut Darryl a thousand swords.

this....

Xu Wenliang scratched his head, thought for a while, and then said solemnly: "Fairy, you said just now, this person is a VIP guest of Gu Sanniang from the Four Seas League. He has an extraordinary status. If he is killed so easily, it would be too cheap for him. ."

"In my opinion, it is better to keep him, maybe he is Gu Sanniang's weakness?"

While talking, Xu Wenliang watched the changes in Leng Yue's expression closely.

Sigh...

Hearing what he said, Leng Yuexiu frowned and suddenly started to ponder.

This Xu Wenliang is not unreasonable, it is too cheap to kill him like this, and it is definitely not easy for him to be Gu Sanniang's guest.

You should know that Gu Sanniang of the Four Seas League is a famous figure in the arena. Not only is she beautiful, but also very powerful. In addition, in just a few years, he can make the entire Ziwei continent, those extremely evil The thief Jiang Yang bowed his head to her, which shows that he also has extraordinary skills.

It can be said that Gu Sanniang is a strange woman in the Cultivator's world. Leng Yue clearly remembers that every time the leader of the Cardinal Sect mentions Gu Sanniang, there will be a look of jealousy in her eyes.

Even the leader was jealous of Gu Sanniang by three points, and it was incredible that the Darryl in front of her could be her guest.

Mad!

While Leng Yue was thinking about this in secret, Darryl couldn't help but glance at Xu Wenliang, his eyes full of contempt and anger.

Xu Wenliang, this kid is really despicable and shameless, he wants to use me to deal with Gu Sanniang?

But that's okay, at least escaped a catastrophe.

Speaking of it, as the body of the Profound Saint, Darryl couldn't die at all, but he finally merged with the power of the heavenly marrow golden core. If Leng Yue hits him with a painful assassin, even if he can't take Darryl's life, it will cause it. His previous efforts were in vain.

Secretly rejoicing, Darryl moved his gaze away from Xu Wenliang, admiring Leng Yue up close.

Anyway, he has become a prisoner. Rather than watching Xu Wenliang's scum, it's better to appreciate Leng Yue. Although this woman is fierce, she has a unique look and figure. Seeing more is also pleasing to the eye.

"good!"

At this moment, Leng Yue also settled to pay attention and agreed with Xu Wenliang's point of view: "It's up to you. Let him live for the time being. After he takes me to see our leader, he will make a decision."

The saint who can be the cardinal, Leng Yue is not an ordinary woman, and has not been dazzled by anger, she is very calm at this time.

Sigh...

Hearing her answer, Xu Wenliang breathed a sigh of relief, and exclaimed with a smile: "Fairy really has a broad mind, so I admire him."

As he said, Xu Wenliang turned his eyes, and said with a fawning expression: "Fairy, we can meet here, it's really destined, why don't we do this, I have nothing to do, why don't we escort you all the way back to the Red Clothes, this way There can also be a reference. How does the fairy feel?"

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The third thousand one hundred and seventy-nine chapters
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

In the end, Xu Wenliang looked at Leng Yue's beautiful face, his eyes full of flattery and expectation.

He was lustful by nature, and was deeply fascinated when he saw Leng Yue just now.

Moreover, he could see that Leng Yue was calm on the surface, but was actually injured, so Xu Wenliang naturally had to firmly grasp such an opportunity to be able to perform in front of beautiful women.

Of course, Xu Wenliang's performance was so enthusiastic, in addition to having a good relationship with Leng Darryl, another point was also because of Darryl.

After all, Darryl is the Pill Pavilion Master of Pure Yang Palace, and the only person in the entire Ziwei continent who can refine pill, if he can get some top-grade pill from him, he will be rich.

this....

Leng Yue didn't know what horrible idea Xu Wenliang was playing. Seeing his sincere expression at this time, he hesitated.

As a saint of the Cardinal Sect, Lengyue has an arrogant temperament, and always walks alone. At this time, when Xu Wenliang wants to walk together, she instinctively resists.

"Fairy!"

Seeing her hesitating, Xu Wenliang smiled and quickly said: "Are you worried that the difference between men and women will be very inconvenient along the way? Don't worry, as the chief disciple of the Nianhua Palace, I have always been upright and upright. What nasty things will be done."

"What's more, this person is also a man. It is inconvenient for the fairy to take him alone. Wouldn't it be easier for me to look at him?"

Xu Wenliang is not only very deep in the city, but also very good at observing words and colors. Seeing Leng Yue hesitate, he guessed her thoughts at once and quickly expressed his attitude.

"Ok!"

Seeing him say this, Leng Yue's doubts in her heart suddenly disappeared a lot, and she nodded and said: "Then, on the way, please help me look at him."

Xu Wenliang's guess was good. When she assaulted Darryl just now, Leng Yue forcibly broke through the acupuncture points, causing internal forces to backlash. On the surface, she couldn't see anything, but she was actually very weak.

If Xu Wenliang made a surprise attack at this time, she could easily be defeated.

However, Leng Yue was also very smart and did not show the slightest weakness. At this time, seeing Xu Wenliang saying so sincerely, she agreed.

Speaking of which, Leng Yue was not afraid of Xu Wenliang secretly engaging in ghosts, because the red-clothed teaching exercises she practiced were quite unique. Although she had forcibly broken through the acupuncture points just now and was backlashed, she could recover in half a day as long as she practiced earnestly.

Seeing her promise, Xu Wenliang was overjoyed, very gentleman bowed, smiled and said, "Thank you Fairy for your trust."

Damn it!

Seeing this scene, Darryl was a little bit eager to cry without tears.

Is this cold moon taking me to the cardinal? It's over. Before, in the mysterious realm of Heaven, I designed to kill Wang Meng, the hall master of their Cardinal Sect. Although this incident has passed nearly half a month, the Cardinal Sect is powerful and must have received the news.

At that time, I saw the cardinal leader of the Cardinals, and he knew his identity.

Thinking of this, Darryl stared at Leng Yue in a daze, thinking about countermeasures.

No, they can't be taken to the Cardinals, they have to find a way to escape...

Huh!

Seeing Darryl's eyes staring at him tightly, Leng Yue's beautiful face, the disgust that could not be concealed, a trace of coldness flashed in his eyes.

"Flap! Pop! Pop!"

In the next second, Leng Yue shot without warning and slapped Darryl a few times on the face.

"You shameless thing, dare to look at me like this again, I will goug your eyes." Leng Yue said coldly.

Fuck!.

After being slapped a few times, Darryl only felt his brain humming, and there was a fire in his heart.

This Lengyue is really a femme fatale, just take a look at you, do you want to goug my eyes?

Thinking about it, Darryl didn't respond either, he turned his gaze to the side, and people had to bow their heads under the eaves, let's endure it first.

"Deserve it!"

Xu Wenliang next to him, seeing that Darryl had been beaten so badly, he immediately laughed and mocked: "Just like you rubbish, you deserve to appreciate the beauty of fairies? Toads want to eat swan meat? Hehe...and don't pee. According to your own virtues?"

Xu Wenliang became more vicious as he spoke, especially when he thought of being beaten by Darryl in front of so many people a few days ago, he felt extremely resentful in his heart.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The third thousand one hundred and eighty chapters three lives are fortunate
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Stupid!

Seeing Xu Wenliang's gloating appearance, Darryl was very contemptuous, couldn't help rolling his eyes, and didn't bother to pay attention to it. This guy is just a villain.

Darryl's attitude made Xu Wenliang very upset.

Huh?, this kid has become a prisoner, dare to roll his eyes at me?

In anger, Xu Wenliang wanted to humiliate a few words, but was stopped by Leng Yue.

"okay!"

Leng Yue was very irritable. Thinking of what happened before, she just wanted to leave here quickly: "It's getting late, let's hurry up." She said, she took the lead out of the hall.

"Good fairy!"

Xu Wenliang graciously agreed, and then took out a rope to tie Darryl Wuhua, and then pulled him like an animal, hurriedly chasing Leng Yue: "Fairy don't go so fast, wait a minute. "

Mad!

Seeing the long rope tied to his body, Darryl was very aggrieved.

This Xu Wenliang is quite good at playing, pulling a rope and treating me like a dog?

Along the way, Xu Wenliang slapped Leng Yue before and after, it can be said that he was pleased in every possible way.

Seeing this, Darryl couldn't help crying secretly.

I knew so many things would happen. I heard the fighting in the woods, so I was not curious and watched it. After careful calculation, it has been more than ten hours since I left Beihai Xingsu until now. I don’t know Jiang Hongyu and Xiaorou. How are they.

Darryl clearly remembered that Jiang Hongyu and Xiao Rou were also inhaled when Wu Ming was sprinkling Divine Soul Dispersion.

However, Beihai Xingsu is a big sect, even if there is no cure, it has enough power to keep the two of them from dying.

"Fairy!"

While Darryl was thinking about this secretly, Xu Wenliang's face was full of smiles, pointing to a dilapidated monastery on the hillside in front, and said to Leng Yue: "It's getting late, and it's not convenient to travel. Let's be there. Take a break."

Ok!

Leng Yue nodded. She had been on the road before. In order to conceal her situation, she had not stopped to practice. At this time, she was also a little tired. The temple in front of her was just right to practice and meditate.

With permission, Xu Wenliang took Darryl and took the lead to enter the temple to investigate.

I saw that the temple should have broken the incense very early, the yard was overgrown with weeds, and many parts of the yard wall fell down, but the main hall was well preserved.

Xu Wenliang tied the rope to the pillar at the entrance of the hall, not afraid of Darryl running away.

After that, Xu Wenliang hurriedly swept out a clean area in the hall, smiled at Leng Yue and said, "Fairy take a rest, I'll get something to eat."

After speaking, he walked out quickly.

Leng Yue replied, walked into the hall, meditated cross-legged, and at the same time kept an eye on Darryl to prevent him from untying the rope and running away.

Sigh...

Seeing this scene, Darryl also began to close his eyes to calm his mind.

After walking all the way before, Darryl seemed to be weak, but in fact has been adjusting his breath secretly. By this time, the injury that was severely injured by Leng Yue was almost healed, and after a few hours, he would be able to recover his strength.

So Darryl was not in a hurry, and when he recovered his strength, even if Leng Yue and Xu Wenliang joined forces, they would not be his opponent.

Ha ha...

After a while, Xu Wenliang hit a wild rabbit back, his face was full of excitement, and then he lit a bonfire outside the hall, then peeled and washed the rabbit, and started roasting it.

Regardless of Xu Wenliang's lust, his character is not very good, but the roasted rabbit is very good, and the fragrance will be overflowing in a short while.

"It smells good!"

Leng Yue is capable of closing her eyes and resting her mind. When she smells the fragrance, she can't help but open her eyes and exclaims.

Xu Wenliang was very proud of receiving Leng Yue’s praise. He laughed and said, “I’m really lucky to be praised by the fairy, Xu Wenliang."

While talking, he tore off one leg of the baked rabbit and handed it to Leng Yue.

Before fighting with Hao Dashuang and others, after walking so far, Leng Yue was hungry a long time ago, so she took the rabbit leg and ate with restraint.

Xu Wenliang was also feasting, but this time he did not find a chance to chat with Leng Darryl, but deliberately walked to Darryl and asked with a smile, "Hey, do you want to eat?"